Ocpbugs 55628 - No documentation existing so secondary network bond-cni (#93993)
openshift/openshift-docs: networking/multiple_networks/understanding-multiple-networks.adoc

* *bridge*: xref:../../networking/multiple_networks/secondary_networks/creating-secondary-nwt-other-cni.adoc#nw-multus-bridge-object_configuring-additional-network-cni[Configure a bridge-based secondary network] to allow pods on the same host to communicate with each other and the host.

> * *bond-cni*: xref:../../networking/multiple_networks/secondary_networks/creating-secondary-nwt-other-cni.adoc#nw-multus-bond-cni-object_configuring-additional-network-cni[Configure a bond-cni secondary network] providing a method for aggregating
> multiple network interfaces into a single logical _bonded_ interface.

Reviewer: - terms
- hard-wrapped
- parallelism

```suggestion
* *bond-cni*: xref:../../networking/multiple_networks/secondary_networks/creating-secondary-nwt-other-cni.adoc#nw-multus-bond-cni-object_configuring-additional-network-cni[Configure a Bond CNI secondary network] to provide a method for aggregating multiple network interfaces into a single logical _bonded_ interface.
```
